COMP 3270 - Algorithms with Prof./ Dr.Â Yilmaz This assignment was done
in a group of two per the assignment rules.

Name of Group Members: - Austin Smith (als0184@auburn.edu) - Lyna
Capuano (lrc0038@auburn.edu)

Name of All Files in The Zipped Archive: - AustinSmith_phw_output.txt -
COMP3270 - Graphs.xlsx - COMP3270_Programming_Assignment.class -
COMP3270_Programming_Assignment.java - phw_input.txt - READ ME.txt -
COMP3270 Submission (Calculations, Graphs, Explanations).pdf

Compiling Instructions/ Explanation: - We used Jgrasp to compile and run
this JAVA program. - Please ensure that you have the input file,
"phw_input.txt" in the same directory as the code before execution. -
Please also confirm that the file is named properly, but if you are
using our input file you should not have any issues. - Correct file name
"phw_input.txt". - This program is intended to calculate the max sum of
integers in the given list of 10 integers and then it will create 19
arrays from 10 to 100 in increments of five and then take the average
time to run each algorithm and sorts the average times into a matrix.
Then it calculates the ceiling(T(n)) of each algorithm and also inserts
the solutions into the matrix.

I certify that I wrote the code I am submitting. I did not copy whole or
parts of it from another student or have another person write the code
for me. Any code I am reusing in my program is clearly marked as such
with its source clearly identified in comments. - Austin Smith

I certify that I wrote the code I am submitting. I did not copy whole or
parts of it from another student or have another person write the code
for me. Any code I am reusing in my program is clearly marked as such
with its source clearly identified in comments. - Lyna Capuano
